docs(js): Create Vue Quick Start guide (#14162)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/index.mdx

```javascript {filename:main.js}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/vue";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "...",
  // Filter out default `Vue` integration
  integrations: (integrations) =>
    integrations.filter((integration) => integration.name !== "Vue"),
});

// Sometimes later
const app = createApp({
  template: "<div>hello</div>",
});

Sentry.addIntegration(Sentry.vueIntegration({ app }));
```

### Configuration for Pinia

To capture Pinia state data, use `Sentry.createSentryPiniaPlugin()` and add it to your Pinia store instance:

```javascript
import { createPinia } from "pinia";
import { createSentryPiniaPlugin } from "@sentry/vue";

const pinia = createPinia();

pinia.use(createSentryPiniaPlugin());
```

Learn more about the [Pinia Plugin](./features/pinia) and its options.

## Step 3: Add Readable Stack Traces With Source Maps (Optional)

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-sourcemaps-short-version" />

## Step 4: Avoid Ad Blockers With Tunneling (Optional)

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-tunneling" />

## Step 5: Verify Your Setup

Let's test your setup and confirm that Sentry is working correctly and sending data to your Sentry project.

### Issues

> To verify that Sentry captures errors and creates issues in your Sentry project, add the following test button to one of your pages, which will trigger an error that Sentry will capture when you click it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that Sentry is capturing errors and creating issues in your Sentry project, add the following test button to one of your pages, which will trigger an error that Sentry will capture when you click it:
```
